I can't believe you're still filling in
for your dad's old sign girl Megan honey
I don't want to see you throw away your
education you have an advanced degree
why would you tweak the nipples on the
Buddha did you convert to Buddhism
that's Buddha we have wasted so much
time on off to Vegas with me
hey we all forgot our IDs
would you guys six Packers up then go
drink responsibly if you ever want to
talk call me I need to lay low for a
week who are you and why are you hanging
out with my daughter
you should come for the prom and I can't
just float around forever you belong
there with us
yeah I'm just wearing a little t-shirt
was crotchless panties
talking to teachers did you hear the one
about the grown woman who started
hanging out with a bunch of pubescent
kids now I'd never heard of it before
you do let's have a drink
done me
- mando choc Aquino Megan is that your
drug dealer
people grow together they grow apart
it's always shifting you're a divorce
lawyer
can't keep putting aside what you want
for some imaginary future you just got
to suck it up and go with your gut
you